Playable character, Rogue: Bio on George Rupel 
An Ex-detective that lost his job while investigating a mining corporation's cover up following a massacre. 
He got too close to the truth, was set up, and removed from the force.
George is looking for revenge and closure at all costs, no matter how deep they may be...

Playable character, Miner: Bio on Randy Mank
A Family man with a plan, to make more money; Drawn to exploration to make his family funds go further.
His wife has seen "demons from the underground" and has lost her sanity, the kids need a caretaker and more support.
Randy must go on an expidition not sanctioned by his company, to get what his family requires. 

Playable Character, Monk: Bio on Perda Linka 
A tough missionary from the cordil province that survived corporation raids on his temple. 
The temple was built on a "Burial Ground" that was of high importance to a corporation.
Perda survived the attack, and is now going on a pilgrimage underground to discover why the temple was so important. 

Playable Character, Cowboy: Bio on Hank Shackleford
A cattle driver from the rangon region, which is rich in ore deposits.
Mining corporations siezed the cattle grounds and he lost his way of life.
Hank plans on getting even the only way he knows, taking what is most important to them; as they did to him. 

Playable Character, Scientist: Bio on Renald Cyor
A chemical engineer whom was stripped of all his merits and funding after discovering "Demon Fire Energy".
Now estranged and deranged, he searches for an output for his research and new tools.
The rumors of underground colonies only makes Renald more excited about going down there and testing out his other "theories". 

Playable Character, Knight: Bio on Quinox T'Noth
An old province swordmaster, whom was taken from his homeland and was forced to assimilate as a mining grunt.
Now versed in both new world knowledge and old world skills, he searches for a new place to fit in.
Quinox's heard rumors of oni deep underground; as he escaped the mining camp he only had one concern on his mind. 

Playable Character, Ranger: Bio on Reney Gallard
An organic hunter from the hills of Cangon whom ended up hunting in the wrong area.
After being taken captive, her hunting party was slaughtered, and she narrowly escaped. 
Reney has a change of plans; hunt those whom hunted her, but in a place that is not so heavily burdened by laws. 

Playable Character, Justice: Bio on Frank Smith
A New-age Tesla peacekeeper with a mean streak for laws, regulations, and conformity. 
After a rebel attack on his precint left his captain in the hospital, he went to learn why people would attack the law.
The Captain told Frank everything, now he plans to go find the people responsible for his dying mentor. 

Playable Character, Assassin: Bio on "Alex" 
A shadow from another plane of existence people call him, or her?
No one knows much about this reclusive killer, but other than they fufill their contracts to the T.
When a target goes underground to seek sanctuary, a good hunt is what gets Alex excited for work. 

Playable Character, Butcher: Bio on The Rangon Ripper
Meat is a great way to make a living, but what meat you get is important to certain clientel. 
Butchers, chefs, cooks, and crazy's alike will search for the perfect sustenance to accompany their platters.
The Ripper has heard of a delicacy that is like none other, precooked and has horns; Like a cow but better! 
